feat: throw error if routes are configured in _routes.json (#12360)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/angry-spies-rule.md

---

> "@sveltejs/adapter-cloudflare": patch
> ---
> 
> chore: throw an error if `_routes.json` is detected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"@sveltejs/adapter-cloudflare": minor
---

feat: validate that no `_routes.json` is present to avoid overwriting it
```
